# Update 17-07-25

Not a creative title I know, but I don't have many ideas on what to call this other than a periodic update considering this site has kinda been abandoned.

So I've been distracted with another project that is called Page-compiler-tauri (placeholder for now, although it might change to Page-Writer, a name I've reserved for a while).

It's another note taking application using, you guessed it, Tauri; an alternative to full stack application framework like Electron just with Rust as a backend language. 

Although it was my first choice, due to versioning issues, a good amount of time was spent trying to figure out what on earth the issue was and debating other Rust application frameworks I stook with it.

Its going fairly smoothly and is nearly in a state where I could start using it without much compromise to my current note taking solution, Obsidian.

Its excellent and I love it, however my notetaking method is to write snippets of ideas or solutions across different subjects, primarily the handful of projects I am currently working on over the Summer. The respective markdown filescontaining the notes for a given subject are generally quite large and whenever I need to jump between another, I have to find the file in the browser, and find the last point I was working on. There may be a solution already for this problem in Obsidian or I could have made a plugin for Obsidian too! But I didn't, instead I wanted a more bespoke piece of software that is more geared towards how I like to work, lots and lots of keybindings.

It is currently open for viewing and if you so wish using [here](https://github.com/FuzionDragon/Page_Writer). I also changed the name to Page_Writer during while fetching the link LOL.

It's core is mostly complete requiring some more testing of how well it works and some other important features required too, where I might after writing this entry put down and work on the respective README of.

Besides this what else have I done? I updated my Neovim config, again. I don't update it often but I kinda had to due to some updates of plugins causing issues, namely with the lsp and diagnostics not showing anything, both things I heavily rely on. It's been sorted now with some unused plugins trimmed off and some optimizations done for a bit more speed which is nice.

Been playing a couple games, the usual Slay the Spire I haven't been playing for the while as currently I've got my head stuck in Wildfrost, excellent but it's been getting a bit stale as I've crammed like 20 hours in a couple weeks, that is a lot for me! Another game is Void Stranger, so far I've got around 2 hours but I am a bit intrigued by the plot.

Well, I guess thats the most I can think of talking about, not an interesting guy I know but I'm fairly content with some of the things I've done so far. Now I'll leave this blog for now, for however long I guess time will tell.

Now goodbye, I'm totally not ending this entry due to being quite hungry.
